side_hustle.md, before:

# Side hustle business

Ideally should be a product, not a service (Gearside YT has a good video on this)

Why?
- Once a product is made it can be sold many times without additional effort

What makes a good product?
- Something that solves a problem

So what about fiction books and movies?
- Entertainment / Enjoyment 
- Lots of competition, harder to standout, harder to sell

So a product that solves a specific problem



Collect income producing assets, not stuff 

types of incoming producing assets
- shares
- realestate
- business

Shares are good and simple, some do very well.

Realestate has a high cost of entry. While it can do well (and these are the stories we all tend to hear about), its easy to get something that underperforms. The property might not be in a growth area, it may be vacant more that expected, the maintenance and financing cost may be too high to actually see a good return.

Businesses are where most of the world richest people have made their money.


Simplicity x Scalability x

Commit message:

Expand side_hustle.md with new business ideas
Added sections on physical products, print on demand, digital products, productised services, and commission-based opportunities.

side_hustle.md, after:

# Side hustle business

Ideally should be a product, not a service (Gearside YT has a good video on this)

Why?
- Once a product is made it can be sold many times without additional effort

What makes a good product?
- Something that solves a problem

So what about fiction books and movies?
- Entertainment / Enjoyment 
- Lots of competition, harder to standout, harder to sell

So a product that solves a specific problem



Collect income producing assets, not stuff 

types of incoming producing assets
- shares
- realestate
- business

Shares are good and simple, some do very well.

Realestate has a high cost of entry. While it can do well (and these are the stories we all tend to hear about), its easy to get something that underperforms. The property might not be in a growth area, it may be vacant more that expected, the maintenance and financing cost may be too high to actually see a good return.

Businesses are where most of the world richest people have made their money. T


Simplicity x Scalability x 


Physical products
- Higher barrier to entry (this is good if you have the skills)
- Fulfilment cost
- Potentially high margin

Print on demand products
- Standard products and customised products
- 

Digital products
-software, ebooks, digital templates

Productised services

Commission based 
- affiliate marketing
